A group of flamingos is called a 'flamboyance.'

Honey never spoils. Archaeologists have found pots of honey in ancient Egyptian tombs that are over 3,000 years old and still perfectly good to eat.

Octopuses have three hearts. Two pump blood to the gills, while the third pumps it to the rest of the body.

The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during the summer. When a substance is heated up, its particles move more and it takes up a larger volume – this is known as thermal expansion.

Cows have best friends and experience stress when they are separated from them.

The total weight of ants on earth once equaled the total weight of people.

A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus. It takes 243 Earth days to rotate once but only 225 days to orbit the Sun.

Bananas are berries, but strawberries aren't. Botanically speaking, a berry is a fruit produced from the ovary of a single flower with seeds embedded in the flesh. Under this definition, bananas qualify as berries, but strawberries do not.

The heart of a blue whale is so big, a human can swim through the arteries.

Some cats are allergic to humans. Just as humans can be allergic to cats, cats can also suffer from allergies to humans, although it's less common.

The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died. Walter Morrison, the inventor of the Frisbee, was cremated and had his ashes turned into a Frisbee.

A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.

The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.

If you could fold a piece of paper in half 42 times, the combined thickness would reach the moon.

A group of owls is called a parliament.

The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days.

The Canary Islands are named after dogs, not birds. The name comes from the Latin 'Canariae Insulae', meaning 'Island of the Dogs.'

There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.

The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.

Vending machines are more deadly than sharks. Annually, more people are killed by vending machines than by sharks.